Flatten the structure of the integrations section (#3681)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/integrations/index.md

tags: [integrations]
---

# $CLOUD_LONG Integrations

You can integrate your $SERVICE_LONG with third-party solutions to expand and extend what you can do with your data.

## Integrates with PostgreSQL? Integrates with your $SERVICE_SHORT!

> A $SERVICE_LONG is a PostgreSQL database instance extended with additional capabilities. This means that any third-party solution that you can integrate with PostgreSQL, you can also integrate with $CLOUD_LONG. See the full list of PostgreSQL integrations [here][postgresql-integrations].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A $SERVICE_LONG is a PostgreSQL database instance extended by $COMPANY with custom capabilities. This means that any third-party solution that you can integrate with PostgreSQL, you can also integrate with $CLOUD_LONG. See the full list of PostgreSQL integrations [here][postgresql-integrations].
```
